now on top of these four pieces you have
to add three light put so you take frame
our pieces and that it until you say for
this I just had three other pieces on
top of the falls other the pieces and
near this pro-peace the last pope is you
have allerjies now you add one by Mary
so they won't blank and added here
there isn't precise ones like this here
now on top of these two pieces you
aren't one more per pieces on top of it
so you take one per piece do and near
the spell finish you have to add two
back pieces near so you take two pieces
and add a new do the same for the side
you had one purpose here and add to the
batter is near
and then you fill in the rest of one now
on top of these pieces you have to add
free back pieces on top of it so if
follow me
we got one about the two back pieces and
then one office and for this size you do
the same thing at one on top of the back
pieces and add two more in there and
they have to fill in the rest of wine
and then on top of these black pieces
you have to add frame or back pieces on
top of it one is about the white piece
and back piece do the same here
not three back this is on top of it and
one go over black and white and then you
fill in the rest with one